# Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks
## Alec Radford, Luke Metz, Soumith Chintala

All images in this paper are generated by a neural network. They are NOT REAL.

Full paper here: [http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434](http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434)

##Summary of DCGAN
We 
- stabilize Generative Adversarial networks with some architectural constraints
  - Replace any pooling layers with strided convolutions (discriminator) and fractional-strided
convolutions (generator).
  - Use batchnorm in both the generator and the discriminator
  - Remove fully connected hidden layers for deeper architectures. Just use average pooling at the end.
  - Use ReLU activation in generator for all layers except for the output, which uses Tanh.
  - Use LeakyReLU activation in the discriminator for all layers.
- use the discriminator as a pre-trained net for CIFAR-10 classification and show pretty decent results.
- generate really cool bedroom images that look super real
- To convince you that the network is not cheating:
  - show the interpolated latent space, where transitions are really smooth and every image in the latent space is a bedroom.
  - show bedrooms after one epoch of training (with a 0.0002 learning rate), come on the network cant really memorize at this stage.
- To explore what the representations that the network learnt,
  - show deconvolution over the filters, to show that maximal activations occur at objects like windows and beds
  - figure out a way to identify and remove filters that draw windows in generation. 
    - Now you can control the generator to not output certain objects.
- Because we are tripping
  - Smiling woman - neutral woman + neutral man = Smiling man. Whuttttt!
  - man with glasses - man without glasses + woman without glasses = woman with glasses. Omg!!!!
- learnt a latent space in a completely unsupervised fashion where ROTATIONS ARE LINEAR in this latent space. WHHHAAATT????!!!!!!
- Figure 11, trained on imagenet has a plane with bird legs. so cooool.
